hi guys to say and I'm filming a what i
got for christmas 2012 video and I'm not
bragging or anything so please don't
really hate comments I just love his
videos I love watching them and hope you
two if not done you can just not watch
it I guess and today is actually a
twenty-third of December because my
Christmas was actually today with my dad
and his family and what I got and I
receive some presents from my boss which
was really nice and my dad my granny
brother and sister and cetera and so
yeah if you want to see what i got for
christmas 2012 and just keep watching so
start with all the chocolate and sweets
and i got a lot of chocolate sweets that
i'm going to be pretty fattened up for
the next month or so or maybe a week
it's a lot of chocolate and so I got
some chocolate Queens yep that's my
breakfast is Nick so they've already
started eating I got some one cut
everlasting gobstoppers I got a power
lapine looming pretendin I got a
ginormous core of galaxies look at this
compared to my face please ignore me
have a look it's I got a journalist home
i right am I also got some celebrations
sweet then I received some money from
people and I got three ten pound notes
from different people in cars I got 30
pounds I got this really nice decoration
for my rain it's a jewelry holder it's
handmade hello we'll hang on my stuff on
it the three tasks was actually
redecorating my room so this is sweet
that's pretty I've got some hand warmers
because I get cold and led college and
I've just always cold in general so
you've got some hand warmers you just
like press the little disks on a water
ride it all torch as a stocking type
thing and we always get one really sleep
res present and I got a water pop from
my dad because he thought it was an
alarm which would wake me up this
actually a clock which is powered by
water the stream string looks like move
on to the really cool things and I got
this coastal scents camouflage palette
which looks like this that's what it
looks like it's just got all these
concealers in it which is pretty useful
then from my auntie and she got me this
huge and I kind of a big deal beauty box
icon for his recall box for a second I
saw it everyone else Iraqi neither am I
gonna have after some reason because of
the box it and the Isle of the box it
comes and it just sort of comes with
some sort of toiletry things and it
smells really nice I definitely be using
the boxes like something to store things
in so that's nice then I got a really
nice body shot gift set it's a chakra
mania shower scrub and moisture cept i'm
going to discuss this is from the inside
alright smell was really good i just
want to eat it comes with the lip butter
a body scrub and my buddy butch out and
a shower cream so that's very nice I
trust this smelling like chocolate this
ad also got a nice makeup brush I got a
coastal scan
this is the B Hep B our CS 29 looks like
this and it is so soft it's ridiculous
but it about this quality just yet but
it feels pretty sturdy and I cannot wait
to use this to sort of breath in my
liquid foundation he it's just like when
you get a new brush and its really soft
him just like then I want to save the
end to most of my exciting presence last
I got Ellen Blair Fowler's beneath a
little book I would absolutely dying
ever since they're released this in the
UK to go and get it but for some reason
I didn't go get it myself so I asked for
it for christmas i got it i just got
things and then them two beautiful
ladies in the back and i'm so excited to
read this I kind of liked and its really
cute for our YouTube supporter so you
get smaller the because you know so
that's really quite cool and I love the
book they're facing the last thing i got
was the biology see you juicy couture
perfume and i really wanted this about
this for so long and it's little gift
set has a really nice box I'm quite
aware by something to put in the box and
so it comes with this perfume and then a
body lotion and the bottle it's the
cutest little thing ever so pretty nice
smell divine three and sweet perfumes
red sweet very sweet perfume so that's
what i got for christmas this year and i
hope you enjoyed this video and don't
forget to like if you like to subscribe
and all that kind of thingy and see I'm
just gonna say like I'm really grateful
for this I'm not like bragging or
anything like that and i really love
everything I got so I hope you've
enjoyed this video and I hope had a
lovely christmas bye bye